Don't move, don't move, you lose
Senior
Is that you, senior?
It's me, you didn't open the card
The opponent has changed the cards
Open now and you'll only lose everything
I'm always trying to please
Why didn't you see him change the cards?
Logically speaking
He can't be faster than me
His thousands have been perfected
And there are traps all over the table.
You couldn't have counted on him at all
So what should I do now?
I kick you to the 13th guard of the ghost gate
You will understand
Do you still want to pray?
I just suddenly remembered
What should I do if you lose and don't admit it?
I can't beat you now
Is there any way?
That's true!
Wait until your three golden houses and land are dead
In the village
I can only wash it if I can't get along, and I'm obsessed with being beaten by you
Let's do it.
456 Shun I won
It's your first time playing Daijinhua
Of course it's my three tips.
The biggest, hahahaha.
Hey.